# Scotty's Retro Video Games

This project is built on a passion of mine:  retro video games.  It is a retro video games store utilizing front-end capabilities only, at this time.  When on the home screen, you'll be met with a bunch of images of retro video games (6 games from Nintendo 64 and 6 games from Nintendo GameCube; every image is from Google Images and is allowed to be used under fair use for educational purposes).  Under each image, the name of the game is displayed, its description, and how much the game costs at the store.  If a user selects 3 different games using the "Add to Cart" button, the "Add to Cart" will display the number of items that are in the cart.  You can select the same game three times and the quantity of "(3)" will display after "Add to Cart", indicating three copies of the same game are in the cart.

Once a user wants to check out, the user can click the shopping cart icon at the top right of the screen on the navigation bar (*NOTE* I do not have the quantity displayed by the shopping cart.  I would like to update this feature at some point, even after the semester ends, but didn't have time during the project.  If I can update this feature before grading, I'll note it in this Read Me).  Once in the shopping cart, it'll have a form to enter shipping information, as well as show you the list of games you bought (image, game name, description, and price).  It'll also allow you to increase the quantity of games you'd like to purchase by pressing the "+" or "-" buttons next to the quantity number.  It'll also display the total price of the games in the cart.  If you buy three Banjo-Kazooie games for $50 each, it'll show the subtotal as "$150".  If you add another Banjo-Kazooie game using the "+" sign, the subtotal will then go to "$200".  If you decrease it using the "-" button from 3 to 2 games, the subtotal will decrease to "$100".  Once you are at 2 quantities for Banjo-Kazooie games for a subtotal of $100 and want to add more games to your cart, you can click the "Continue Shopping" button to be taken back to the main page.  You can then add one copy of Banjo-Tooie for $40 and one copy of Paper Mario:  The Thousand-Year Door for $75, on top of the two copies of Banjo-Kazooie for $50 each, go back to the shopping cart by clicking the icon and see the subtotal will reflect the four games (two at $50, one at $40, and one at $75) for a subtotal of $215.  You can then remove on copy of Banjo-Kazooie using the "-" button and notice the subtotal is now $165.  You can then press the "-" button on Banjo-Kazooie again and notice the game is out of the cart and the subtotal is now $115.  You can then press "-" on Banjo-Tooie and notice that game is now out of the cart and the subtotal is now at $75.  Lastly, press the "-" button on Paper Mario:  The Thousand Year Door and notice that the game is removed from the cart.  This leaves nothing in the shopping cart.  Notice that when the last game is removed, the subtotal text and "Continue Shopping" button are gone and your shopping cart now displays the text "Your Shopping Cart is Empty".  Once you add a new item to the cart, the "Your Shopping Cart is Empty" text will be gone and your item selected will be added to the cart with the subtotal text displaying the correct subtotal price for the item or items in the cart and the "Continue Shopping" button being visible again.  If you are done shopping, you can click the "Checkout" button which will take the user to a confirmation page that will give them a confirmation button upon hitting the button that states "Confirmation Number".  The user can then click the link to go back to the shop with the cart being emptied upon reaching the main page.

A user can also, on the main shop page, search for games within the site's catalog.  Clicking in the search bar at the top left of the page, directly under the black header, you can type in there, for example, "Mario" and the game catalog will only display games that have the name "Mario" in it.  If a user types in the search the number 0, then all games that have the number 0 will populate.  If they type in a character or number that does not exist in the catalog, then the results will be empty with no games displaying.

This project is my mid term exam for INF 655 (Front End Web Development 2) and only features front end code.  This means there will not be any back end code included.  There will be no checkout options, credit card information, or user information able to be provided.  If it isn't taught this semester, I do plan on using my summer break to learn how to handle the back end functionality for this project so a user could properly check out, enter their personal inforation, and credit card information to successfully purchase a video game from the store.  (*NOTE* This is not a real video game store and any credit card and checkout functionality is simply for educational, developmental, and technological purposes to teach the core principals of programming).

Lastly, this project was creating using front end JavaScript and ReactJS.  It has been tested fully in a web browser using Google Chrome on my laptop.
